docs: Merge cerbos guide into main docs (#1095)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tutorial/07_principal-policies.adoc

include::partial$attributes.adoc[]

= Principal policies

> NOTE: The policies for this section can be found https://github.com/Sambigeara/cerbos/tree/docs/main/docs/modules/ROOT/examples/tutorial/08-principal-policies/cerbos[on Github].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The policies for this section can be found link:{app-github-url}/tree/docs/main/docs/modules/ROOT/examples/tutorial/08-principal-policies/cerbos[on GitHub].
```
